First draft of community testing (#559)
opensciencegrid/technology: docs/policy/community-testing.md

> OSG Community Software Testing

Author: Done

==============================

Introduction

> ------------

Author: Deleted

> Before May 2018, the OSG utilized internal staff for the bulk of software testing.

Author: Fixed

Interested external administrators also provided testing when their specialized installation was required.

> More recently, we've been employing an ad hoc community testing program.

Reviewer: Nitpick: since this is a policy doc and merits a certain level of formality, let's stay away from contractions if possible, i.e. `we have been` instead of `we have`

Author: Fixed

The release manager is responsible for notifying interested parties and coordinating their testing.
Often, the person that reported an issue was asked to verify that the issue was resolved.

Testing Model
-------------

We want to engage the OSG community in testing OSG software.
The community has a vested interest in ensuring that the software operates properly.
We will adopt a more formal testing policy which should require less effort from the release manager.

- Promotion: The software is ready to test when the release is promoted to osg-testing repository.

> - Notification: Interested parties are informed of the software promotion (via some method (email, web page, etc)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Notification: Interested parties are informed of the software promotion (via some method such as email or a web page).
```
One set of parens ought to be enough. What is this, LISP? :P

> - Feedback: Testers can up/down vote and review software that they have tested. (Method TBD)

Author: Done

- Release: After the software has met the release requirements, it is released.
    - Major Packages
        - Spent at least 7 calendar days in the osg-testing repository

>         - At least 1 up vote by the release manager

Author: No, just approval. Fixed

        - No down votes
    - Minor Packages
        - Spent at least 7 calendar days in the osg-testing repository
        - No down votes
    - Timing

>         - Releases are scheuled by the Release Manager

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - Releases are scheduled by the Release Manager
```
